# PaymentBody


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**merchant_id** | **string** | Unique Merchant ID received during the merchant registration | [default to undefined]
**customer_id** | **string** | Customer ID (usually mobile phone number of the customer) | [default to undefined]
**order_id** | **string** | The unique value is generated by the transaction initiator for each Operation. Max length is 128 symbols. Allowed symbols: [a-z], [A-Z], [0-9], “_” (underscore character), “-” (hyphen), “:” (colon), “.” (dot). For example, GUID or TIMESTAMP can be used as an order_id. This parameter provides API idempotency. It means that requests with identical nonce from the same transaction initiator will have identical responses and The corresponding operation won’t be repeated.  | [default to undefined]
**amount** | **string** | Amount to pay, should be in format with two digits after point | [default to undefined]
**currency** | **string** | Currency code in ISO 4217 format from the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;#section/Payment-Gateway-API-Reference/Available-currencies\&quot;&gt;list&lt;/a&gt; of availabe currencies | [default to undefined]
**country** | **string** | Country code in ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 format as defined in the payment providers &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;#section/Payment-Gateway-API-Reference/Available-Payment-Providers\&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] [default to undefined]
**callback_url** | **string** | URL to notify the merchant via callback. Recommended | [optional] [default to undefined]
**provider_id** | [**ProviderDef**](ProviderDef.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**signature** | **string** | Merchant’s request and callback have to be signed to verify sent data. To generate the signature all sent parameters are included in the order they were sent. The parameter signature should be excluded, of course. Example can be found &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;#section/Payment-Gateway-API-Reference/Generating-signature\&quot;&gt;here&lt;/a&gt;  | [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { PaymentBody } from './api';

const instance: PaymentBody = {
    merchant_id,
    customer_id,
    order_id,
    amount,
    currency,
    country,
    callback_url,
    provider_id,
    signature,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
