# ResponseBodyB2c


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**order_id** | **string** | The unique value is generated by the transaction initiator for each Operation. Max length is 128 symbols. Allowed symbols: [a-z], [A-Z], [0-9], “_” (underscore character), “-” (hyphen), “:” (colon), “.” (dot). For example, GUID or TIMESTAMP can be used as an order_id. This parameter provides API idempotency. It means that requests with identical nonce from the same transaction initiator will have identical responses and The corresponding operation won’t be repeated.  | [default to undefined]
**transaction_id** | **string** | The value is generated by the Provider for each Operation. May be empty | [default to undefined]
**transaction_ref** | **string** | The value is generated by the Provider for each successful Operation. May be empty | [default to undefined]
**status** | **number** | Status of the payment. Status descriptions can be found &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;#section/Payment-Gateway-API-Reference/Status-Codes\&quot;&gt;here&lt;/a&gt;.  | [default to undefined]
**result** | [**ResponseBodyResult**](ResponseBodyResult.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**provider_result** | [**ResponseBodyProviderResult**](ResponseBodyProviderResult.md) |  | [default to undefined]
**service_id** | **string** | Unique ID of the service in the Payment gateway | [default to undefined]
**service_version** | **string** | Payment gateway service version used for operation | [default to undefined]
**service_date_time** | **string** | Payment gateway timestamp of the operation | [default to undefined]
**confirm_type** | **string** |  | [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { ResponseBodyB2c } from './api';

const instance: ResponseBodyB2c = {
    order_id,
    transaction_id,
    transaction_ref,
    status,
    result,
    provider_result,
    service_id,
    service_version,
    service_date_time,
    confirm_type,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
